the layer of
sila this is your only way
home deep
down deep
down deep down you hide a reason for
shares that cannot be kept deep down you
know that we are the
selfishly while you slipped
leaving them feeling
betrayed breaking the bonds that you've
made i'm so sorry there is no price we
won't pay we both know what it takes to
survive
full deep down we only care for
ourselves just as
selfish deep down we're only demons from
hell
Hello hello
drown in your sorrows and
fears choke on your blood and your
tears bleed till you run out of ears we
must do what it takes to
survive give up your honor and fame
live up your life as a
rain die in the blood where
you must do what it takes to
survive we are the same you and I